Documentation: 

Turbo encoder block is rate 1/3 and is split into 3 sub blocks.

Input_Block: 
This block has two 4096 bit buffers which stores input bits. Once one of the buffer has been filled, this block will begin 
outputting to the next block. 4096x12 bit ROM is used to store interleave indexes. This block generates two outputs. One output 
comes by sequentially indexing into one of the buffer, the other output comes indexing with interleaved addresses. 


RSC: (Recursive Systematic Convolutional Encoder)
Two of these blocks are used to get the 1/3 rate. Each rsc block has two output x_out & z_out. In effect there will be 4 outputs coming 
from these two rsc's. These rsc's operates in two modes Normal & Termination mode. 
In Normal mode - we only need x_out and z_out of first rsc block, and then z_out of the second rsc block. Only 3 outputs are valid.
In Termination mode - we need x_out and z_out from both blocks. All 4 outputs are valid. When in termination mode, this block doesn't 
accept any input. A total of 12 bits is outputted in termination mode and then it goes back to normal mode. 

Output_Block: 
This block buffers the outputs from the two rsc blocks and then outputs them in the correct order. The following block is symbol mapper
which requires two inputs, so this output block will output 2 bits at a time. Output order changes when in Normal & Termination mode. 
x & z comes from first rsc block. x' & z' comes from second rsc block. 
Normal Mode order: x1, z1, z'1, x2, z2, z'2, x3, z3, z'3, ...
Termination Mode order: x1, z1, x2, z2, x3, z3, x'1, z'1, x'2, z'2, x'3, z'3 
A valid output pin is also implemented so that the symbol mapper block knows when the inputs are valid. 


Timing: 
The symbol mapper block which follows the turbo block requires that the inputs should remain the same for 8 clock cycles. 
Our base clock periods is 2ns. So the output from turbo block should changes every 8 clock cycles (16 ns). 
To acheive this spec we need two clocks - one of them is the base clock and the other one is the slow clock. 
Period of the slow clock is 24 ns (12 clock cycle of base clock).

Input Block and RSC blocks run with the slow clock while the Output Block runs with base clocks. The Output block's input 
should be fixed for 12 clock cycles and its output will be fixed for 8 clocks cycles. 
So in nomal mode: every 12 clocks cycles 3 new bits will arrive @ output block - and it will buffer and pass out 2 bits every 
8 clock cyles. 


~ Let us know if these don't make sense.
- Turbo Crew
